So I have three little examples here.
I give you a little context sharing,
a little bit.
Not too much, I said less.
One of these is a technical project.
So convincing your company to
switch to frontend frameworks.
So you're pitching moving
from Backbone to Solid.js.
Those are JavaScript frameworks, I don't
actually care if you know what they are.
One is much older, one is much newer.
Solid is very cool if you
haven't played with it.
So you're pitching this to
the VP of product, the CEO, and
the VP of engineering of
a 5,000-person engineering company.
And this is the pitch to convince
them to change frameworks.
I gave them some reasons there,
and I wrote a pitch here.
And what I want you to do, either
mentally or preferred writing it down,
cuz writing it down will help you
drive understanding, I promise.
Write down what's wrong with this
approach, and if you have time,
rewrite it to be something better, okay?
Another pitch here is you're gonna
pitch implementing a A/B testing tool.
If you're not familiar
with what A/B testing is,
is you show one user one experience.
So let's say this is signing up for
Netflix.
And this one says, sign up now.
And you're pitching experience B, or
you're showing them to
another demographic of users.
Sign up flow B, which says click here for
free Netflix, I don't know,
something like that.
And you show them to 50% of your users
sees one, 50% of your users sees another.
And then now,
because it's random sampling,
you can prove this one actually
works better than this one, right?
That's an A/B testing tool.
So the people you're sending to this memo
are the engineers who are going to be
actually working on it.
And this is for
them to gain enough context and
ask questions to be part
of your project kickoff.
Here's your goals.
Here's the pitch.
Same thing.
What's wrong with this approach?
How could you make it better, Okay?
And last one here, you are adding a social
share button to a classifieds app.
A classifieds would be like Craigslist,
right?
You're convincing a group of stakeholders,
mixed engineers, product managers, and
designers that you want them to pick your
design of a social share button over
another one proposed by
a third-party design agency.
So this is gonna be an email
where the people weigh in,
decide whether they're gonna
choose your design or not.
So here's the primary reasons for
doing that.
Here's your pitch.
And, [LAUGH] first of all,
I hate myself for writing that.
Secondly, please identify with
what is wrong with it and
how you can make it better.